Add simple transaction how-tos (#397)
iotaledger/iota-sdk: documentation/sdk/docs/how_tos/simple_transaction/request_funds.mdx

---
title: Request Funds
description: 'How to programmatically request testnet funds.'
image: /img/logo/iota_mark_light.png
keywords:
- how to
- faucet
- testnet
- test funds
- nodejs
- python
- rust
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";
import RustCode from "../../libraries/rust/how_tos/simple_transaction/request_funds/_code_sample.mdx";
import NodejsCode from "../../libraries/nodejs/how_tos/simple_transaction/request_funds/_code_sample.mdx";
import PythonCode from "../../libraries/python/how_tos/simple_transaction/request_funds/_code_sample.mdx";
import RustOutput from "../../libraries/rust/how_tos/simple_transaction/request_funds/_expected_output.mdx";
import NodejsOutput from "../../libraries/nodejs/how_tos/simple_transaction/request_funds/_expected_output.mdx";
import PythonOutput from "../../libraries/python/how_tos/simple_transaction/request_funds/_expected_output.mdx";
import TipFaucet from "../../_admonitions/_tip_faucet.md";

Once you have created your account<!-- TODO [created your account](01_create_a_wallet_account.mdx) -->,

> you can start using wallet.rs for value transactions. Since these examples target the testnet, you can request funds

Reviewer: no wallet.rs anymore

Author: ```suggestion
you can start using the IOTA SDK for value transactions. Since these examples target the testnet, you can request funds
```

using the `request_funds_from_faucet` function.

<TipFaucet/>

## Code Example

The following example will:

> 1. Create an account manager.

Reviewer: There is no account manager anymore, it's called wallet now

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create a wallet.
```

> 2. Get Alice's account which was created in the first guide<!-- TODO [created in the first guide](01_create_a_wallet_account.mdx) -->.

Reviewer 2: todo here and a bunch of places, whats up with them?

Author: The docs for that are not there yet. I choose these examples as they were easier for a first PoC. The account examples are next on my todo. So my next PR will resolve all those links.

> 3. Retrieve an address<!-- TODO [address](02_generate_address.mdx)  --> related to Alice's account.

Reviewer: TODO isn't required here, an address is generated during account creation

Author: Removed
